IMGPROXY_MAX_REDIRECTS config (#797)
imgproxy/imgproxy: docs/configuration.md

* `IMGPROXY_MAX_SVG_CHECK_BYTES`: the maximum number of bytes imgproxy will read to recognize SVG files. If imgproxy is unable to recognize your SVG, try increasing this number. Default: `32768` (32KB)

> Requests to some image sources may go through too many redirects or even go to an infinity loop. You can limit the number of allowed redirects:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Requests to some image sources may go through too many redirects or enter an infinite loop. You can limit the number of allowed redirects:
```

> * `IMGPROXY_MAX_REDIRECTS`: the max number of redirects imgproxy can follow while requesting the source image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `IMGPROXY_MAX_REDIRECTS`: the max number of redirects imgproxy can follow while requesting the source image
```

removing period as this is not a complete sentence
